IS THIS A PODCAST?!?!?!

Rifters:
There are three kinds of people that rift.
Runners, Riders and Redos.
Runners use the system to their advantage to smuggle goods from world to world.
Riders are travelers and tourists on permanent vacation, usually in search of paradise.
Redos are just that. Poor sad sacks who want another shot at whatever.

A rift is a cut between worlds in the multiverse.
Some worlds are nearly identical, others so different they appear to be prehistoric or straight out of Star Trek...

Main character is just discovering the worlds, not sure how yet...

Blades are remnants of the original moment, the bang if you will.
Sometimes called bang blades.
Find one and you can slice open a rift.
Rifts don't like being open and close almost immediately, though a finger through will hold it open (some sell their services as rift keepers (or fingers) and will stay in a gap for days if the price is right - this can lead to awkward situations where someone gets robbed etc while keeping).

Blades are rare, most are acquired through theft or death, a small few remain in the dirt and are dug up. Blade metal is far beyond diamond hard.
Your blade is was and will always be the same shape it was when you found it.
The tiniest blade will open an equivalent rift, smaller, sharper blades are prized

Worlds are fairly random but some Rifters seem to have a knack for consistency, others can't figure it out but it actually depends on how you make your cut, also size and shape are a factor.
Also, combining blades that fit together can have an impact.
The more you have this figured out, the more precisely you can travel between worlds.
Some leave markers and only cut from the same place others cut whenever and wherever they feel the need.
Both tactics come with risks.

Your world, you know the crazy people?
Some of them are rifters who couldn't handle it or something happened that broke them (usually meeting ones own self -see below).
You know those technology breakthroughs your world has? Likely smuggled rift tech.
Deja vu? Thats when another you just rifted into your word. There are memory overlaps that happen, you get the experience they were supposed to have as they rifted out of their world into yours, essentially creating double vision.
Rifters get Deja-vu as well but learn to ignore it, though not getting it is a good sign there isn't another you in the world you're entering.

Faster, deeper harder cuts slice further through and get you to more varied worlds. Shallower cuts take you to more similar worlds. If you're tyring to get away from someone and don't cut deep enough, you could end up alongside another version of you trying to get away from the same someone. One easy way of telling how far you've gone in a shallow slice is the weather, if it's different enough, chances are the verse if different enough that you've escaped your pursuer.

Sewn worlds are cut off from rifts forever.
Nobody really knows how it's done or who does it, but it appears that the most unstable worlds often get sewn, rarely does a stable world get sewn.
Get sewn in and you're as good as dead considering you can't get back, and it's not a stable world anyway.

Extra thought/nerd reference: Meets a runner named Ibo Duet who's using weed(?) to make $$$ (pretty much half the worlds have cheap weed(?), half don't, move it and make a fortune). His dog is a sidekick, drives a 2000 Ford Falcon, he's the only one to take a car through, nobody else has a blade big enough?

Main character has a sister that disappeared long ago.
They moved afterwards (small town to big city?) and they kept the house but never went back.
Out of college now, his parents have gifted him the property (assuming he'll sell it and buy a home elsewhere) and he finds himself back at the family home years later digging through things.
He finds a blade in a trunk with a weird note nearby it looks like English but isn't quite, but it looks like his sisters handwriting. He calls his dad but he doesn't know what it is.
He calls mom and she says they found it the day sis disappeared.
